[KEP-3203] Fetch and Render CVE JSON Feed (#35228)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/issues-security/official-cve-feed.md

---
title: Official CVE Feed
weight: 25
outputs:
  - json
  - html 

> layout: official-cve-feed

Reviewer: I recommend _not_ using the same name for the shortcode and the layout. For example, name the layout `cve-feed` instead.

Author: Done

---

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.25" state="alpha" >}}

This is a community maintained list of official CVEs announced by

> Kubernetes Security Response Committee. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Kubernetes Security Response Committee. See
[Kubernetes Security and Disclosure Information](/docs/reference/issues-security/security/)
for more details.
```

> A programmatically accessible `JSON` Feed can be found [here](./index.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes project publishes a programmatically accessible
[JSON Feed](/docs/reference/issues-security/official-cve-feed/index.json) of published security issues.
```

You can access it by executing the following command:
  ```shell

>   curl -v https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/issues-security/official-cve-feed/index.json

Reviewer: I'd write
```shell
curl -v https://k8s.io/docs/reference/issues-security/official-cve-feed/index.json
```
Also, don't indent these lines.

Author: Done

  ```

> {{< official-cve-feed >}}

Reviewer: After alpha, it'd be nice to sort the table that this renders.

Author: Yes agreed. I have added it in future scope here https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-security/issues/1

<!-- | CVE ID      | Issue Summary | CVE GitHub Issue URL |
| ----------- | ----------- | --------- |
| [CVE-2021-25741](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2021-25741)      | Symlink Exchange Can Allow Host Filesystem Access | [#104980](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/104980) |
| [CVE-2020-8565](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2020-8565)      | Incomplete fix for CVE-2019-11250 allows for token leak in logs when logLevel >= 9 | [#95623](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/95623) | -->

This feed is auto-refreshing with a noticeable but small lag (minutes to hours)
from the time a CVE is announced to the time it is accessible in this feed.

> The source of truth of this feed are GitHub Issues filtered over a highly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source of truth of this feed is a set of GitHub Issues, filtered by a controlled and
```
